Separate creation/movement of MN collateral and DMN registration process (#21)
dashpay/dips: dip-0003.md

## New On-Chain System

> In the new system, the masternode list is derived entirely from information found on-chain. New masternodes are added by new special transactions called Provider Registration Transactions (abbreviated as ProRegTx). They are only removed by spending the collateral. A ProRegTx is a special transaction which includes a 1000-Dash collateral payment or a reference to it, along with other payload information (DIP2) described later in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the new system, the masternode list is derived entirely from information found on-chain. New masternodes are added by new special transactions called Provider Registration Transactions (abbreviated as ProRegTx). They are only removed by spending the collateral. A ProRegTx is a special transaction which includes either a 1000-Dash collateral payment or a reference to it, along with other payload information (DIP2) described later in this document.
```

| scriptPayout | Script | Variable | Payee script (p2pkh/p2sh) |
| inputsHash | uint256 | 32 | Hash of all the outpoints of the transaction inputs |
| payloadSigSize | compactSize uint | 1-9 | Size of the Signature |

> | payloadSig | vector<unsigned char> | Variable | Signature of the hash of the ProTx fields. Signed with the key corresponding to the collateral outpoint. |

Reviewer 2: I believe that we now need 2 sigs here. One for the collateral key, which is only set when the ProRegTx refers to another TX. And one that is always signed with the owner key. Otherwise there is no proof in the ProRegTx that the owner actually holds the owner key. As an alternative, we could force the KeyIdOwner to be equal to the key id from the collateral in case the collateral is from another TX.

Author: >Otherwise there is no proof in the ProRegTx that the owner actually holds the owner key. 

Hmmmm... But why would you need it? With ProRegTx you basically say `I have 1000 DASH (here or in another tx), here is the proof (the sig) and here are params I want to use to register my masternode`. And that should be it, no?

Reviewer 2: Hmm true. Regarding `(here or in another tx)`, that only applies to referring another TX. In the case where the collateral is part of the ProRegTx, just the fact that the collateral was successfully moved is proof that he owns it. Also, in that case we would be able to allow multisig/P2SH if we left out verification of the sig here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| payloadSig | vector<unsigned char> | Variable | Signature of the hash of the ProTx fields. Signed with the key corresponding to the collateral outpoint in case the collateral is not part of the ProRegTx itself. |
```

Author: To clarify, does it mean that we leave the signature empty if the collateral is actually a part of the ProRegTx? Or do we sign it with keyIdOwner in this case? I guess there is no reason to do this but asking to make sure.

Reviewer 2: Leaving it empty should be ok. We might need to add a description of this behavior somewhere else as well. Will put more time into this on monday.

Author: Maybe extend the suggestion above with `, empty otherwise` or smth like that?

Reviewer 2: Updated the suggested change (btw, cool new Github feature)

A ProRegTx is invalid if any of these conditions are true:

>   1. collateralOutpoint `hash` is null but no output with 1000 DASH can be found on position `n` in outputs of ProRegTx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. collateralOutpoint `hash` is null but an output with 1000 DASH is present at position `n` of the ProRegTx outputs
```

>   2. collateralOutpoint `hash` is not null but no output with 1000 DASH can't be found in UTXO with these `hash` and `n`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. collateralOutpoint `hash` is not null but an output with 1000 DASH can't be found in the UTXO specified by the `hash` and `n`
```

  3. Any KeyId* field is null (KeyIdOwner, KeyIdOperator or KeyIdVoting)
  4. KeyIdOwner or KeyIdOperator was already used by any entry in the registered masternodes set
  5. scriptPayout is not a P2PKH or P2SH script
  6. When scriptPayout is P2PKH script and the public key hash equals any of KeyIdOwner, KeyIdOperator or KeyIdVoting
  7. ipAddress is set and port is not set to the default mainnet port
  8. ipAddress is set and not routable or not an IPv4 mapped address
  9. ipAddress is set and already used in the registered masternodes set
  10. operatorReward > 10000
  11. The inputsHash does not match the calculated hash

>   12. payloadSig is invalid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  12. In case collateralOutpoint refers to a collateral that is not part of the ProRegTx itself, payloadSig must be a valid signature signed by the collateral public key. If the collateral is part of the ProRegTx, payloadSig must be empty.
```

Author: I see what you are trying to say but it doesn't fit into starting `A ProRegTx is invalid if any of these conditions are true:` sentence imo.

Reviewer 2: Updated suggestion to better fit into the list

Reviewer 2: Also added 14., as this only works with P2PKH addresses.

>   12. payloadSig is invalid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  12. In case collateralOutpoint refers to a collateral that is not part of the ProRegTx itself, payloadSig must be a valid signature signed by the collateral public key. If the collateral is part of the ProRegTx, payloadSig must be empty.
```

A ProRegTx is invalid if any of these conditions are true:

>   1. collateralOutpoint `hash` is null but an output with 1000 DASH is present at position `n` of the ProRegTx outputs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  1. collateralOutpoint `hash` is null but an output with 1000 DASH is not present at position `n` of the ProRegTx outputs
```

Author: Thanks! 👍

A ProRegTx is invalid if any of these conditions are true:

>   1. collateralOutpoint `hash` is empty but no output with 1000 DASH can be found on position `n` in outputs of ProRegTx

Reviewer 2: "empty" might not be 100% correct here. It's still there, but "all-zero" or "null"
